README.md, before:

# Groq Chat Plugin for Obsidian

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin/releases/latest)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin/total?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
[![Tests](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin/ci.yml?branch=master&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Coverage](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin?style=flat-square)](https://codecov.io/gh/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin)
[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/groq-chat-plugin?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/groq-chat-plugin)

[Русская версия](README.ru.md)

[Documentation](https://semernyakov.github.io/groq-chat-plugin/)

A plugin for [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md) that integrates Groq's AI chat capabilities directly into your notes.

## Features

- Direct integration with Groq AI models
- Real-time chat interface
- Support for latest Groq models
- Markdown formatting support
- Code highlighting
- Mobile support
- Custom model selection
- Chat history
- Context-aware responses
- Raw/Markdown source view toggle for assistant messages.
- Configurable default display mode (tab or side panel).

## Installation

1. Open Obsidian Settings
2. Go to Community Plugins and disable Safe Mode
3. Click Browse and search for "Groq Chat"
4. Install the plugin
5. Enable the plugin in Community Plugins

## Configuration

1. Get your API key from [Groq Console](https://console.groq.com)
2. Open plugin settings in Obsidian
3. Enter your API key
4. Configure additional settings as needed (Note: Settings have been updated, including options for default display mode and history storage. See plugin settings for details.)

## Usage

1. Open any note
2. Click the Groq Chat icon in the sidebar
3. Start chatting with AI
4. Use `/` commands for additional features

## Development

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin.git

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Build the plugin
npm run build

# Run tests
npm run test

# Check code style
npm run lint
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please read our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct and the process for submitting pull requests.

## Security

For security issues, please read our [Security Policy](SECURITY.md) and report any vulnerabilities responsibly.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Support

If you find this plugin helpful, consider:

- [Starring the repository](https://github.com/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin)
- [Sponsoring the development](https://github.com/sponsors/semernyakov)
- [Reporting issues](https://github.com/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin/issues)

## Changelog

See [CHANGELOG.ru.md](CHANGELOG.ru.md) for all changes.

Commit message:

docs: Add list of supported models to README files

README.md, after:

# Groq Chat Plugin for Obsidian

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin/releases/latest)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin/total?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
[![Tests](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin/ci.yml?branch=master&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Coverage](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin?style=flat-square)](https://codecov.io/gh/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin)
[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/groq-chat-plugin?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/groq-chat-plugin)

[Русская версия](README.ru.md)

[Documentation](https://semernyakov.github.io/groq-chat-plugin/)

A plugin for [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md) that integrates Groq's AI chat capabilities directly into your notes.

## Features

- Direct integration with Groq AI models
- Real-time chat interface
- Support for latest Groq models
- Markdown formatting support
- Code highlighting
- Mobile support
- Custom model selection
- Chat history
- Context-aware responses
- Raw/Markdown source view toggle for assistant messages.
- Configurable default display mode (tab or side panel).

### Supported Models (Examples)

- **Llama 3 70B**: Powerful model for complex tasks.
- **Llama 3 8B**: Fast and efficient model.
- **Mixtral 8x7B**: Mixture-of-Experts model, versatile.
- **Gemma 2 9B**: Efficient model by Google.
- **Whisper Large V3**: For audio transcription (Note: Audio input not yet implemented in plugin).

## Installation

1. Open Obsidian Settings
2. Go to Community Plugins and disable Safe Mode
3. Click Browse and search for "Groq Chat"
4. Install the plugin
5. Enable the plugin in Community Plugins

## Configuration

1. Get your API key from [Groq Console](https://console.groq.com)
2. Open plugin settings in Obsidian
3. Enter your API key
4. Configure additional settings as needed (Note: Settings have been updated, including options for default display mode and history storage. See plugin settings for details.)

## Usage

1. Open any note
2. Click the Groq Chat icon in the sidebar
3. Start chatting with AI
4. Use `/` commands for additional features

## Development

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin.git

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Build the plugin
npm run build

# Run tests
npm run test

# Check code style
npm run lint
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please read our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct and the process for submitting pull requests.

## Security

For security issues, please read our [Security Policy](SECURITY.md) and report any vulnerabilities responsibly.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Support

If you find this plugin helpful, consider:

- [Starring the repository](https://github.com/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin)
- [Sponsoring the development](https://github.com/sponsors/semernyakov)
- [Reporting issues](https://github.com/semernyakov/groq-chat-plugin/issues)

## Changelog

See [CHANGELOG.ru.md](CHANGELOG.ru.md) for all changes.
